Fix broken link in documentation (#2386)
nest/nest-simulator: doc/userdoc/documentation_workflow/user_documentation_workflow.rst

5. Re-render documentation as described above.

.. note::

>    You can find our full :ref:`documentation style guide <doc_styleguide>`.

Reviewer: This sentence seems incomplete. How about
```suggestion
   Please see our :ref:`documentation style guide <doc_styleguide>` for information on how to write good documentation in the NEST style.
```
